fix: migrate app structs to page folder (#634)
asyncapi/glee: docs/pages/function-lifecycle-events.md

|channel|string|The channel/topic you want to send the message to. Defaults to `event.channel`, i.e., the same channel as the received event.
|server|string|The server/broker you want to send the message to. Defaults to `event.serverName`, i.e., the same server as the received event.
## How does Glee know which function it should execute?

> Glee reads your `asyncapi.yaml` file and searches for all the `receive` actions containing an `operations` attribute field. The `operations` field serves as a mechanism to bind a given operation to a specific function file. For instance, given the folowing AsyncAPI definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glee reads your `asyncapi.yaml` file and searches for all the `receive` operations and uses the operation ID field. The operation ID field serves as a mechanism to bind a given operation to a specific function file. For instance, given the folowing AsyncAPI definition:
```

```yaml
...
operations:

>   onHello:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  onHello: # operation ID
```
